# aws-session

Create temporary AWS sessions to use MFA with CLI tools and impersonate
accounts.

## Motiviation

When enforcing multi-factor authentication on AWS IAM user accounts, sending API
calls directly will no longer work. Standard tools and libraries only have
limited support for creating temporary sessions.

The official [AWS documentation](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/authenticate-mfa-cli/)
describes commands to create user sessions using the AWS CLI, but these are
not automated and require manually copying tokens around, which impairs
security.

## Usage

`aws-session` is a shell script that asks for a security token and returns
temporary session credentials to be used in the current shell.

The script can be called through `eval` to automatically set these temporary
credentials in the shell environment:

```shell
eval $(aws-session)
```

This will query the current AWS profile (or the default profile) for a list
of MFA devices, pick the first one, then ask for a security token. Type in
this security token, and your current shell will have a valid MFA-authenticated
AWS session.

The script supports additional modes of operation.

### mfa

```shell
eval $(aws-session mfa [DEVICE-ARN])
```

Without DEVICE-ARN, this has the same effect as running the script withou
arguments. The script will pick the first MFA device on the user's account and
ask for an MFA token code, then create a session using these credentials.

If there are several MFA devices, a device ARN can be given to select a
specific device.

### pose

```shell
eval $(aws-session pose [ACCOUNT-ID] [ROLE])
```

Use the assume-role API to impersonate a role on another account the current
session/user has access to.

The ACCOUNT-ID and ROLE parameters are optional. When no account ID is given,
a list of organization accounts will be shown to choose from.

If the role is ommitted, the OrganizationAccountAccessRole role on the target
account will be used by default. This role is automatically created in
accounts generated by the organizations API.

## Legal

aws-session is Copyright © 2020 SWISS TXT AG and may be used under the terms
of the Simplified BSD License. See the LICENSE file for details.
